alright this color cubers here this is a
tutorial on how to disassemble and
reassemble your dayan guhong three by
three Rubik's Cube first of all if you
have it assembled and you'd like to take
it apart for lubrication or other
purposes what you want to do is to do a
half of a quarter turn and take your
finger or some other flat object and put
your finger up and pop it up and then
this piece is going to come out and it's
a little hard to take out a corners but
you just pull them out like that and you
can pull out this one and do a quarter
turn here and take that out and then the
rest comes out pretty easily and still
then to put it back together just insert
this here put this here
and for the last row you put it in the
middle and just rotate and slide it over
let's aim for this one and then you're
going to want to do another half quarter
turn pull the pieces the sides you can
put this in you just put it in and push
it down and should have your cube back
to normal this is going to be how to
fully assemble your dayan guhong as if
you just bought a DIY kit and i will be
also showing how to put together at the
corner pieces and a simple the edge
pieces so for the corners you'll get
three pieces that look like this kind of
like a kite and you'll get a bunch of
these little triangle pieces as the
little connectors and if you look on the
little white piece down right here
there's a little slot and then at the
top see right there that little hole
yeah you can put another little triangle
there but if you'd like your cube to be
better at corner cutting you don't need
that piece so you take the triangle you
just insert one little prong into their
take the other colors you just slide it
on there like so
and then you have a corner now for the
edges you'll have two pieces see they
have little nubs on them and pull you
take two of those line it up and then
they just fit together like that and
then as described earlier on the video
you take an edge and kind of fit it
right there and should just slide right
in like that then take a corner it's
easier if you set it on the table corner
and it just slides right in like that
then you just want to do the same for
the rest of the puzzle and it should be
fully assembled just like this one thank
you for watching and please describe
please subscribe to cola cubers